{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 There is no secret that coding is a time consuming and detail oriented task that requires the full attention of anyone who aspires to do programming. This notion holds its integrity no matter if it\'92s done alone or within a team structure. After a week of paring up in groups, I had a chance to see the various thought progression when it came to writing in the objective-c language. The main difference that I noticed between collaborative and solitary coding is that you have more responsibility on your plate in a paired session. In order for the app to be efficient, everyone involved must individually do their part to collectively get the results desired. A grouped setting limits the will to quit when stuck in the middle of a problem and it results in you digging deeper for a solution. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 Time is one the most crucial factors in a grouped project; you will quickly learn to rely on your strengths and improve you weaknesses without missing a beat.\
Planning the project through is how we leveled the playing field. The main component for this to happen was shared communication. Gaining a different perspective on the same issue has a way of opening your mind and in some ways it brought the solution to light quicker ultimately improving the original plan.  Although working alone allowed me to be isolated in my thoughts, my frustration came faster than it did when I had a partner to talk out a solution with. 
\f0 \
\

\f1 The grouped source control process on GitHub was a lesson by itself. It could easily go south if you\'92re not careful with commits and pushes. However I found the process to be smooth because it raised my awareness and made me take the necessary steps with precaution. No one wants to be on the short end of the stick for terminating hours of hard work. It helped me with organizing files a great deal and I was able to learn the proper way how to label and merge projects in a productive manner.  I enjoyed the group project in its entirety and because of the vast knowledge that I\'92ve accumulated from it my preference would definitely lean in favor of a collaborative project. \
}